------------------
11th Aug
------------------
1.     PM Modi had announced that India and US are going to co-host the Global Entrepreneurship Summit at Hyderabad, Telangana from 28th to 30th November 2017. American delegation will be led by US President Donald Trump’s daughter Ivanka Trump.

2.     The Lok Sabha has passed the State Banks (Repeal and Amendment) Bill, 2017. The bill seeks to repeal the two Acts namely State Bank of India (Subsidiary Banks) Act, 1959, and State Bank of Hyderabad Act, 1956. It also seeks to amend the State Bank of India (SBI) Act, 1955 to remove references to subsidiary banks and powers of SBI to act as an agent of the RBI for subsidiary banks.

3.     Veteran Poet Vijay Nambisan ( 54)  who is famous for his poem “ Madras Central “ published in 1988  was passed away.
4.     The National Mission for Clean Ganga (NMCG) has approved ten projects in the 5th meeting of the Executive Committee of NMCG . The states which is covered in this projects are in Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and West Bengal to the tune of about Rs. 2,033 crore. Eight of the ten projects pertain to sewage infrastructure and treatment, one each to ghat development and Ganga Knowledge Centre. In Bihar, three major sewage infrastructure projects were approved in Barh, Kankarbagh and Digha. In West Bengal, three projects were approved. Out of these two pertain to sewage infrastructure while the third one is for ghat development.  In Uttar Pradesh, sewage infrastructure work in Chunar ,Mirzapur district .
5.     Parliament has passed the Banking Regulation (Amendment) Bill, 2017 with the Rajya Sabha approving it. The bill will replace the Banking Regulation (Amendment) Ordinance, 2017 promulgated by President in May 2017. The Lok Sabha has already passed it. Thekey features of the bill are i)  Initiating insolvency proceedings ii) Issuing directions on stressed assets iii) Committee to Advise banks
iv) Applicability to State Bank of India (SBI).
6.     Shri  Venkaiah Naidu sworn in as  13th  vice president of India.
7.     The Supreme Court of India has issued a list of directions in an attempt to curb pollution that includes no renewal of vehicle insurance unless the owners produce pollution under control certificates.
8.     Venezuela’s new constituent assembly declares itself superior to all other government bodies. In addition it prohibits the opposition –held National Assembly and other government bodies  from taking any action that would interfere with the constituent assembly laws.
9.     The two-day meet of the 15th edition of Bay of Bengal Initiative for Multi-Sectoral Technical and Economic Cooperation (BIMSTEC) ministerial meeting was held in Kathmandu. The main agenda of this edition of the meeting is to finalise a free trade agreement among the BIMSTEC member countries. It will also include negotiations on market access for professionals and reducing the duty on trading goods.
10.  Real Madrid defeated Manchester United to grab UEFA Super Cup played at the Philip II Arena in Skopje, Macedonia. Real Madrid’s Isco was declared the Man of the Match.
11.  The Delhi Assembly passed two amended bills – Minimum wages Delhi Amendment Bill 2017 and Netaji Subhas Institute of Technology Bill (NIST) 2017
12.  NASA’s curiosity Rover in July 2017 has captured stunning shots of Mars , this time it captured the images of Martian clouds over the southern horizon. The clouds resembles Earth’s cirrus clouds which are typically  made up of ice water.

13.  Najam Sethi was recently elected as the Chairman of Pakistan Cricket Board.


------------------
15 and 16th Aug
------------------

1.       Country’s first green energy supply  - Tamil Nadu secretariat building  with solar power. With this, Tamil Nadu  is going to be the first state in the India  to  utilize green energy in government offices.

2.  In  the field of Medicine, the Best Doctor  award was bagged by  Eye specialist Dr. Sankaran ( Kanchipuram),  
    In the field of Social Service, the Best Social Worker award  was received by Ilaiya Pari , Founder of Cure Trust  and Research centre,( Madurai , Goripallayam). 
    Best  Charitable Trust  award was  bagged by  Med India Chariatble try=ust in Chennai, Nungabakkam and 
    More employment provided to physically challenged persons  by a private sector organization “ orbit” ( Trichy),  
    Award to Central   Co-operative Bank  , Salem  for its contribution for giving priority to Physically challenged person’s welfare ,     Nilgris Adivasi’s Welfare Society also bagged the award for its tribute paid to Women Welfare  in the category of  Best  Social   Welfare Foundation. 
    Best Social Worker Award was bagged by Dindugal Krishnammal Jegananthan. 
    Best Collector award was bagged by Salem District Collector Sampath for his contributions to Physically challenged person’s welfare.
    
3.  Kalpana  Chawla award for 2017  was bagged by   Preethi ( Thiruvannamali )
Ex- Tamil Nadu Women’s Hockey Team Captain  U-19  for her brave and challenging efforts  by running a foundation for  physically disabled persons who is suffering from spinal failure  due  to accidents  “ Sole free “  which provides  employmenyt opportunities, Technical Training, Education and self employment to them. Preethi herself was affected by  inabilities  of body parts below her neck  region. Shec was awarded with Rs. 5 lakhs of Cheque , a medal and a certificate  by CM of Tamil Nadu.

4.  Tamil Nadu Government’s  CM award was given to  Tirunelveli  Municipal  Corporation for its good governance in local body in the Best Municipal Corporation Category.  A cheque for Rs 25 lakhs and an award was  given to the Municipal Commissioner  Subramanian  by our CM of TN.  

In the  Best Municipality Category :  
  1st place Erode District’s Sathyamangalam  Municipality , a certificate and a cheque for Rs. 15 lakhs was  bagged by Sudha ( Municipal Commissioner )  
  2nd place by Poonamalle , Thiruvallur  Municipal Commissioner  Chitra received  a cheque for rs. 10 lakhs and a certificate. 
  
  3rd Place goes to Thirumangalam , Madurai Municipal Commissioner  Saraswathy . She received a cheque for Rs. 5 lakhs and a certificate.  
  
In Town Panchayat category  : 
  1st place -  Trichy Ponnampatti  Exective Officer  Shahul  Hameed ( Rs 10 lakh Cheque and a certificate )  
  2nd Place – Coimbatore Irugoor Executive Officer  kanagraj ( Rs 5 lakhs cheque and a certificate) 
  3rd Place Erode Nambiyur Executive office Ganesan ( Rs 3 lakh cheque and a certificate )
  
5.  Good Governance award for  3 Government departments was given by our CM of TN . 
    In the Department of Police  - the award was bagged by  Home Secretary Niranjan Marti  and  DGP –T. K. Rajendran .  
    In the field of Agriculture, the award was bagged by Minister Durai Kannu and  Secretary Gagan Deep singh  Bedi , 
    In the field of Commercial Tax , the award was bagged by Minister  Veeramani and secretary Chandra Mouli.  
    In the field of Medicine- Narayanaswamy , Chennai Medical Council. Sathyagopla ( Commissioner, Revenue administration) for his innovation  modern technique of watering plants directly to its roots.
    
6.       Indira Canteen, government sponsored food out let  as like Amma canteen in TN was opened in 101 wards in Karnataka by CM Siddharamaya.
7.       India will host the next steering committee meeting  of TAP ( Turkmenistan, Afghanistan, Pakistan)gas pipe line. The decision was taken during the 6th joint Inter-governmental committee meeting on trade, economic, scientific and technological co-operation

8.       Elina Svitolina won the Women’s singles title in 2017 Rogers Cup and the men’s single title was bagged by Alexander Zverev( Germany) by defeating Roger federer held in Montreal, Canada

9.       Milka Singh was appointed as the WHO good will ambassador for physical activity in South East Asia Region. He will promote non communicable diseases prevention and control action plan

10.   Italy will be hosting the G-7  Interior Minister’s summit 2017 on security issues in October 2017
11.   Britain is seeking to leave the EU without having any borders with the Northern Ireland which is a part of United Kingdom.
12.   War Museum of Auckland was  lit up in the colors of  Indian National Flag for the first time ever to mark  70th Independence day of India
13.   PM Modi launched a website to honor gallantry award winners. Param Vir Chakra is the highest gallantry award

14.   Natco Pharma ( Hyderabad ) recently received the nod from US Food and Drug Administration to market Lanthanum Carbonate chewable tablets. The tablets are used in treatment of patients with end stage renal diease ( ESRD) . This tablet will reduce the serum phosphate in patients with ESRD
15.   The Bombay High Court has passed an order , restraining the Maharashtra state govt from granting permission to bullock cart racing until the govt frame rules to govern the same
16.   The Government e-market place ( GeM) SPV and Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) signed a MoU  to establish GeMSamvad, a GeM -Industry Forum for promoting Indian Industry and Entrepreneurship.
17.   A 100 million year old damselfly  species in  Myanmar  on 16th Aug 2017 was named after British Broadcaster and naturalist Sir David Attenborough to celebrate his 90th birthday and his contribution for longstanding  appreciation of dragonflies. This damselfly belongs to the group of shadowdamsels and has been named as Mesosticta davidattenboroughi
18.   According to a recent study by climate researchers, aeroplanes may be ejecting significant amounts of black carbon (BC) which in turn is affecting monsoon, depleting the ozone layer and quickening glacier melt. The study was conducted by climate researchers from multiple institutions in India including from the Indian Institute of Science and ISRO’s Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre.
19.   Scientists from the University of Toronto, Canada have developed an injectable tissue bandage dubbed as AngioChip, smaller than a postage stamp that can repair damaged hearts.
20.   The drug price regulator National Pharmaceuticals Pricing Authority (NPPA) has capped the prices of orthopaedic knee implants upto 70% lower than current market rates. It will be valid for all orthopaedic knee implants sold within India – whether domestic or imported. Earlier in February 2017, the NPPA had capped the prices of stents used in cardiac surgery.
21.   China and Nepal have signed three pacts to further boost their ties in power, energy and economic sectors. The agreements signed cover oil and gas resources exploration, economic and technological cooperation and promotion of investment.
22.The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved revision in the procedure and mechanism for strategic disinvestment. In this regard, the proposal was forwarded by the Department of Investment and public Asset Management (DIPAM). The approval will help in speedy completion of strategic disinvestment transactions.

______________________

17 AUG 2017
------------

1.       Tamil Nadu Electricity Board has accepted to use “ AMMA ( Assured Multi Model Access)  Mobile App “ under “digital India programme “  to  pay electricity bill.
2.       The Union government has decided to encourage teaching of Sanskrit as subject in schools. In order to implement this, The Union ministry of HRD has advised the CBSE to give statistical data about the schools which are already teaching Sanskrit  and its study plan “
3.       Karur Vysya Bank became the first in the country  to  facilitate to avail Aadhaar card by registering  in the bank itself . It is introduced in its Choolaimedu branch, Chennai. This facility is implemented by UIDAI
4.       RBI planned to frame rules and regulations for using digital wallet within two weeks
5.       Puducherry CM Narayanaswamy flagged off  Air service between Puducherry and Hyderbad . Spice Jet Q 400 will  be the service provider  will serve the passengers daily.
6.       Google has introduced GPORT mobile software app . Using this, we can speak in tamil to find anything  in the google search  engine instead of typing with two fingers. This can be downloaded from Google play store
7.       Students of Archaelpogical society in TN have found out rare pillar carvings made out of sea rocks ,  which belongs to the  period of Vijayangar empire in Thirupullani Adhijeganatha perumal temple, Ramnathapuram
8.       Central Government accepted the emergency  ruled out by TN for NEET Exam.
9.       The Union Government signed a MoU between India and Sweden on Intellectual Property rights.
10.   The Energy efficiency Services Limited has signed a MoU with three state owned oil marketing companies(IOCL, HPCL, BPCL) for the distribution of LED bulbs, fans, tube lights through petrol pumps  across India
11.   A new museum on the partition of the Indian Subcontinent was inaugurated after 70 years of blood stained tragedy that has split British India into India and Pakistan in 1947. This museum is located in the red-brick town hall building in the North Indian border city of Amristar. This museum was built by Mallika Ahluwalia, CEO of Partition museum after hearing her 83 yr old grandmother’s tales of the sub continent before it was divided.
12.   RBI makes Aadhaar linkage mandatory for farmers to avail short term crop loans for 2017-18
13.    The 31st edition of the tournament 2017 Spanish Super Cup was won by Real Madrid ( Professional Foot Ball Club)by beating Barcelona
14.   The Union Cabinet approved proposal to complete the balance works of North Koel Reservoir Project in Bihar, stalled since 1993. It also revived the project to address environmental concerns. North Koel River rises on Ranchi plateau in Jharkhand.
15.   The Union Government has inked US $24.64 million Grant Agreement from the Global Environment Facility (GEF) of the World Bank for Ecosystem Service Im provement Project. The project’s duration is of five years. The Project will be entirely financed by the World Bank out of its GEF Trust Fund.
16.   The United States has named Pakistan based Kashmiri terrorist outfit Hizbul Mujahideen as a “Foreign Terrorist Organisation (FTO)”.
17.   According to the 2017 Global Liveability Report compiled by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU), Australian city Melbourne is the most liveable city. For the seventh consecutive year, Melbourne has topped the list.No Indian city was ranked in the top ten or bottom ten. 10 most liveable cities’ list includes Vienna (2nd), Vancouver (3rd), Toronto (4th), Calgary (5th), Adelaide (6th), Perth (7th), Auckland (8th), Helsi nki (9th) and Hamburg (10th). The rankings of top five cities remain unchanged as compare to previous year.
18.   Researchers from US-based Rice University have found new tectonic mirco plate off Ecuador’s coast in the eastern Pacific Ocean named Malpelo plate. Microplates are tectonic plates with an area less than 1 million sq. km
19.   According to the census  conducted  by the Asian Nature Conservation Foundation (ANCF) at the Indian Institute of Science (Bengaluru), several NGOs and independent conservationists between March and May 2017, the report was released by the Union Ministry of Environment, Forests and Climate Change (MoEFCC) the population estimation of Asian elephant in India is around 27,312. The population estimation of Asian elephants in 2017 census is lower than from the last census estimate in 2012 (between 29,391 and 30,711). Karnataka has the highest number of elephants (6,049), followed by Assam (5,719) and Kerala (3,054).

20.The Union Cabinet has approved creation of a single corpus fund non-lapsable known as Madhyamik and Uchchtar Shiksha Kosh (MUSK). Under it, all proceeds of secondary and higher education cess will be credited and utilised for the government’s schemes in education sector.

--------------------
18th Aug 2017
-------------

1.       The researchers from the University of Western Australia  and Tohoku University  hospital in Japan  have developed an artificial womb that has been successfully tested to incubate healthy bamb lambs for a week. This advanced technology may be used to save the lives of extremely premature  human babies  in near future.
2.       ‘Navika Sagar Parikrama’ , A six-member all-woman team of the Indian Navy will set sail to circumnavigate the globe on the sailing vessel INSV Tarini. This is the first-ever Indian circumnavigation of the globe by an all-woman crew with an aim to promote women empowerment in the country and ocean sailing by the Indian Navy.
3.       Veteran photographer S Paul  (88) passed away in New Delhi. He was the first Indian to win the Nikon International Photo Contest in 1971. Famous B&W Magazine of US had described him as ‘The Henry Cartier-Bresson of India’.
4.       The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) launched two mobile Apps – MyFASTag and FASTag Partner in to facilitate the availability of FASTags for Electronic Toll Collection (ETC) project. MyFASTag  is a consumer application that will facilitate consumer to purchase or recharge FASTags on it. FASTag Partner is a merchant application. It will allow agencies like Common Services Centre (CSC), banking partners and vehicle dealers to sell and enroll FASTag.
5.       The Union Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change (MoEFCC) has launched the “Harit Diwali, Swasth Diwali” campaign with an aim to reduce adverse environmental conditions especially pollution in the country after post Diwali celebrations due to excessive bursting of crackers which contributes significantly to air and noise pollution. 
6.       The Union Defence Ministry has cleared a proposal to procure six AH-64-E Apache attack helicopters along with weapons systems from American aerospace giant Boeing for the Indian Army.
7.       Asteroid Florence, which is one of the largest near earth asteroids , will  pass safely  by earth on 1st Sep 2017 in its closest ever encounter with the planet
8.       Union cabinet approves new metro rail policy. This policy enables private investments across a range of metro operations making Public private Partnership ( PPP) component mandatory for availing central assistance for new metro projects.
9.       Saudi Arabia’s King Salman orders reopening of the border with Qatar to give Qatari pilgrims an easy pass to carry out their annual hajj pilgrimage to Mecca
10.   Vishal Sikka , resigns as Infosys CEO, Pravin Rao was appointed as interim Chief.
11.   Mamta Suri took charge as Executive Director of Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board.
12.   The Union Cabinet has given its approval for raising extra budgetary resources (EBR) of up to 9020 Cr for long term irrigation fund as per the requirements during 2017-18
13.   India signed an agreement worth USD 24.64 million with the World Bank for Ecosystem Service improvement Project.
14.   I V Subba rao was appointed as Secretary to Vice President of India Shri M. Venkaiah Naidu
15.   President Ram Nath Kovind has presented the National Safety Awards ( Mines) for the years 2013 and 2014.
16.   Reliance Defence and engineering  is going to change its name to Reliance Naval and engineering after getting approval from its investors.
17.   Stone inscription  with an emblem of tiger carived in it belongs to Chola reign was found in  Vanamangalam, Krishnagiri during the renovation work of Anjaneyar temple.
18.   200 years old Humayun Mahal at chepauk Ezhilagam Campus is going to be revamped without any modifications, its budget plan is deciding by Public Workds department.

